README.md, before:

# Play Integrity Fix

A Zygisk module which fixes "ctsProfileMatch" (SafetyNet) and "MEETS_DEVICE_INTEGRITY" (Play Integrity).

To use this module you must have one of the following:

- Magisk with Zygisk enabled.
- KernelSU with [ZygiskNext](https://github.com/Dr-TSNG/ZygiskNext) module installed.

[**Download the latest here**](https://github.com/chiteroman/PlayIntegrityFix/releases/latest).

## Telegram group

https://t.me/playintegrityfix

## Donations

- [PayPal](https://paypal.me/chiteroman)

## Official posts

- [XDA](https://xdaforums.com/t/module-play-integrity-fix-safetynet-fix.4607985/)

## About module

It injects a classes.dex file to modify a few fields in the android.os.Build class. Also, it creates a hook in the native code to modify system properties. These are spoofed only to Google Play Services' DroidGuard (SafetyNet/Play Integrity) service.

The purpose of the module is to avoid a hardware attestation.

## About 'pif.json' file

You can modify this file in the module directory to spoof custom values to the GMS unstable process.

You can't use values from recent devices due them triggering hardware backed attestation.

## Troubleshooting

### Failing BASIC verdict

If you are failing basicIntegrity (SafetyNet) or MEETS_BASIC_INTEGRITY (Play Integrity) something is wrong in your setup. Recommended steps in order to find the problem:

- Disable all modules except this one

Some modules which modify system can trigger DroidGuard detection, never hook GMS processes.

### Failing DEVICE verdict (on KernelSU)

- Disable ZygiskNext
- Reboot
- Enable ZygiskNext

### Play Protect/Store Certification and Google Wallet Tap To Pay Setup Security Requirements

Follow these steps:

- Flash the module in Magisk/KernelSU
- Clear Google Wallet cache (if you have it)
- Clear Google Play Store cache and data
- Clear Google Play Services (com.google.android.gms) cache and data (Optionally skip clearing data and wait some time, ~24h, for it to resolve on its own)
- Reboot

<details>
<summary>Guide</summary>

![Google services cache](./wallet-troubleshoot-1.jpg)
![Removing all data](./wallet-troubleshoot-2.jpg)

</details>

### Read module logs

You can read module logs using this command directly after boot:

```
adb shell "logcat | grep 'PIF'"
```

## Can this module pass MEETS_STRONG_INTEGRITY?

No.

## About Play Integrity, SafetyNet is deprecated

You can read more info
here: [click me](https://xdaforums.com/t/info-play-integrity-api-replacement-for-safetynet.4479337/)

Commit message:

Use custom.pif.json for custom spoofing, restore after update, fix lines

README.md, after:

# Play Integrity Fix

A Zygisk module which fixes "ctsProfileMatch" (SafetyNet) and "MEETS_DEVICE_INTEGRITY" (Play Integrity).

To use this module you must have one of the following:

- Magisk with Zygisk enabled.
- KernelSU with [ZygiskNext](https://github.com/Dr-TSNG/ZygiskNext) module installed.

[**Download the latest here**](https://github.com/chiteroman/PlayIntegrityFix/releases/latest).

## Telegram group

https://t.me/playintegrityfix

## Donations

- [PayPal](https://paypal.me/chiteroman)

## Official posts

- [XDA](https://xdaforums.com/t/module-play-integrity-fix-safetynet-fix.4607985/)

## About module

It injects a classes.dex file to modify a few fields in the android.os.Build class. Also, it creates a hook in the native code to modify system properties. These are spoofed only to Google Play Services' DroidGuard (SafetyNet/Play Integrity) service.

The purpose of the module is to avoid a hardware attestation.

## About 'custom.pif.json' file

You can create this file in the module directory to spoof custom values to the GMS unstable process. It will be used instead of the included pif.json.

You can't use values from recent devices due them triggering hardware backed attestation.

## Troubleshooting

### Failing BASIC verdict

If you are failing basicIntegrity (SafetyNet) or MEETS_BASIC_INTEGRITY (Play Integrity) something is wrong in your setup. Recommended steps in order to find the problem:

- Disable all modules except this one

Some modules which modify system can trigger DroidGuard detection, never hook GMS processes.

### Failing DEVICE verdict (on KernelSU)

- Disable ZygiskNext
- Reboot
- Enable ZygiskNext

### Play Protect/Store Certification and Google Wallet Tap To Pay Setup Security Requirements

Follow these steps:

- Flash the module in Magisk/KernelSU
- Clear Google Wallet cache (if you have it)
- Clear Google Play Store cache and data
- Clear Google Play Services (com.google.android.gms) cache and data (Optionally skip clearing data and wait some time, ~24h, for it to resolve on its own)
- Reboot

<details>
<summary>Guide</summary>

![Google services cache](./wallet-troubleshoot-1.jpg)
![Removing all data](./wallet-troubleshoot-2.jpg)

</details>

### Read module logs

You can read module logs using this command directly after boot:

```
adb shell "logcat | grep 'PIF'"
```

## Can this module pass MEETS_STRONG_INTEGRITY?

No.

## About Play Integrity, SafetyNet is deprecated

You can read more info
here: [click me](https://xdaforums.com/t/info-play-integrity-api-replacement-for-safetynet.4479337/)
